Add blog post about deprecating the invalid use of sensor UoMs and state classes (#2033)
home-assistant/developers.home-assistant: blog/2024-01-09-deprecate-invalid-sensor-uom-state-class-use.md

> ---

Reviewer: Maybe rename the file with the date of today so matches when we'll post the blog better.

author: J. Benecke
authorURL: https://github.com/jpbede
authorImageURL: https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/3989428?s=96&v=4

> title: "Deprecate invalid use of sensor units of measurement and state classes"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Deprecate invalid use of sensor unit of measurement and state class"
```

---

Since Home Assistant Core 2022.12, a warning is issued in the logs if a sensor entity that has a device class 

> uses units of measurement and status classes incorrectly, taking their device class into account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
uses unit of measurement and state class incorrectly, taking their device class into account.
```

An invalid use would be a sensor entity that has a device class of `SensorDeviceClass.TEMPERATURE` but uses 
the unit of measurement `%` instead of `°C` or `°F`; or the state class `SensorStateClass.TOTAL` 
instead of `SensorStateClass.MEASUREMENT`.

There will be a six-month deprecation period to ensure all custom integration authors have time to adjust.

> As of Home Assistant Core 2024.8, the warning will then be replaced by an error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of Home Assistant Core 2024.8, the warning will then be replaced by an exception.
```
